...and appreciation and kindness and compassion is consideration, thinking to all the beings,
that which again the greatest teacher, Buddha Shakyamuni, told. To think of all the beings,
everyone is equal, same as in we. I want to be happy, they want to be happy. There's no one
is don't like to be happy, and everyone likes to be happy in joy and peace, yet everyone is
struggling, many different levels. Therefore, wish and pray, they all prefer their good thoughts,
accord in the context of the joy, peace, and happiness, and they remove all those difficulty
troubles and sufferings and whatever they're struggling, and wish this is what we really
practice. So wish all of that, and not just only that that good things happen for a short time,
but we wish and pray this will last a long time until everyone is rich in enlightenment.
Continue, keep, and have the great, joyful journey, and happiness journey,
continue to one after another lives, until everyone rich after enlightenment. So,
we can all those good thoughts, and practice, and live with power, and the blessings of the
gurup and masambhava, lineage master's, and as well as the vedya sattva, truly it is marvelous.
It is very special. We are the one with also good beings, the lucky beings,
potent beings that can gather, talk there, and do these beautiful practices and connect
to the true lineage teaching. It's not just for accidental, it is truly, it is blessed.
We all are blessed. We all have so many great masters received teaching one after another,
but it is also time to put that practice, not just put in intellectual banks, or kind of side,
oh this is another step, this is another step. This is the, then we start thinking,
then everything is another step. This one, this sun is a china is another step, and moon is a
china is another thing. Sit up and stop, and then, then it's just what it does. It's devalue the
freshness, call it this, and we become the disappointment. Once also become disappointment,
and it's just satisfactory, and then we become as a lonely, dried tree in the desert, and then
that's what becomes the end of life. That is not what we want. We want the richness of this, our
life,
joy and peace, happiness, and charity, our solid charity. Others is the true value of the human
beings, and the true value and the qualities of the practicing of the Buddha, and Gautama sambhava.
So, therefore, on the rest of our goodness qualities of the practice that we receive,
and then put that forward, and activate it, and then with all good things is something remarkable,
and something very special. So, therefore, we should rest in it. Again, this is one of the very
beautiful time to be practiced, and today is the new year, and we say goodbye to the year 2011
with practice of the Vedya sambhava and Vedya kalaya, and today we are welcoming the year 2012
with it, again, beautiful practice, the lineage of blessings of the Gautama sambhava,
and the new one, and as well as the Vedya sambhava, and then Vedya kalaya is truly
beautiful way to begin, and then I'm sure between that you saw the ball dropping last night. So,
that is all good, start from good, and we did good, and we are concluding and preparing this
something embarrassing, beautiful things to upcoming new year, and with these beautiful practices,
and so again, this is something your joy, you work in bodhicata, and then we're going to practice
Vedya sattva, vedya sattva, jamsak practice that we do, I think many of you already know, yesterday
came, and I make it, and then practice Vedya kalaya, so it's wonderful to begin, and again,
this is very special practice, but again, to make this special, what we need, we need
our motivation, our intention, thought should match up with this practice, so this is full bloom,
full, glorious practices to ask to the other beings, and that is what really we need. So,
I just say this again, very friendly, reminding to all you, and thank you again,
welcome everyone, thank you, thank you, thank you.